README.md, before:

MOSIS
=====

This is an open source framework for signal processing, stream analysis, machine learning and stream mining applications. MOSIS is designed to ease benchmarking efforts and rapid prototyping of stream-based algorithms. Furthermore, it facilitates a design pattern driven approach and can easily be expanded to include new modules as well as algorithms. The nature of MOSIS enables use by researchers, enthusiasts and practitioners alike. Currently, the framework is in an early development stage. 

Releases are also published on [mloss.org](http://mloss.org/software/view/497/). This includes releases that have been published prior to the intial import of MOSIS on GitHub (less or equal to V0.55).

Examples
========

A few rudimentary samples can be found in the directory below. The samples demonstrate the very basic usage of MOSIS as well as some of its functionality.

    ./src/main/samples/


Issues
======
For any issues or questions, please refer to [link](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/issues).

Commit message:

Linked readme file with wiki and other resources.

README.md, after:

MOSIS
=====
This is an open source framework for signal processing, stream analysis, machine learning and stream mining applications. MOSIS is designed to ease benchmarking efforts and rapid prototyping of stream-based algorithms. Furthermore, it facilitates a design pattern driven approach and can easily be expanded to include new modules as well as algorithms. The nature of MOSIS enables use by researchers, enthusiasts and practitioners alike. Currently, the framework is in an early development stage. 

Releases are also published on [mloss.org](http://mloss.org/software/view/497/). This includes releases that have been published prior to the intial import of MOSIS on GitHub (less or equal to V0.55).

Examples
========
A few rudimentary samples can be found in the directory below. The samples demonstrate the very basic usage of MOSIS as well as some of its functionality.

    ./src/main/samples/

Further Links
=============
* **Releases** can be found [here](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/blob/develop/CHANGES.md) and [here](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/releases).
* **Documentation** can be found in the [sources](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/tree/develop/src) or in the [Wiki](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/wiki).
* For any **issues or questions**, please refer to [link](https://github.com/claasahl/MOSIS/issues).
